you
good man what are you doing in my living
room I'm looking for Prince of your
artwork from suburban lion kakashi
especially the one with me in it but all
i can find is this sexy to robot shit
from game fat is that why you broke my
window I didn't break it I just threw a
cat through the window is the one to
blame look there's a simple way to get
ahold of my artwork there is yes
narrator yes kids from now on you can go
to tinyurl.com / sk prints as in
suburban Knights prints and excess the
artists a very own shop there you'll
find a wide variety of prints available
such as the suburban idd color art or
the full set of stained glass characters
but also bookmark and postcards we
really have a lot of shit to sell now to
forget tapestry start from caucasia
international shipping is free for any
idea we were five bucks so what are you
waiting for tinyurl.com / s key prince
but i will also put a link on top of
ben's I chong kham for all you forgetful
fucktards and next week is my birthday
so do me a favor and tweet about this
mostly ordered a lot of shit from us
that'd be even better
see easy isn't it